[Autogenerated] we continue our demonstration with the following examples
that will implement or total behavior for normal execution and examples
that will implement or total behavior for exceptions will show how to
define our custom annotations and how to use aspect J on methods annotated
with our custom annotation.
This is intended to replace the naming conventions Toby followed
in order the SPG PointCast expression language.
Toby applied Our spring applications still contains the passenger class,
the passenger dull interface,
the passenger thou in class and the best injuries manager
class with the main method we are creating.
Now,
this new log annotation we are going to use it in order to
distinguish the metals on which to apply the aspect
oriented programming mechanisms.
And we're going to add this log annotation exactly on the get
passenger method from the passenger thou in class.
We're also creating this logging aspect class and we
are an irritating it with aspect.
It contains a private longer field and this log method and not a day Lewis
around this log method will be executed around each metal that is an
irritated with the newly introduced log annotation.
As we have access to the proceeding joint point meaning to
the execution of the original method.
We take the method name using this joint point.
Don't get signature.
Don't get name the method.
Arguments using the joint point don't get ours,
and we are Logan gunning for message,
saying that we're calling the method and the first argument.
Then we are executing the original method.
We are logging an inn for message with the metal name and its result,
and we are returning the result of the method itself.
Using this newly introduced log annotation will help
us avoiding naming conventions.
As you saw in our previous examples.
Remember that we're executing some aspect only related to
metals that were ending in passenger,
and we're having a certain signature similarly to what we have
previously presented inside this AARP dot xml file.
We need to add the GOP Aspect J Dash auto proxy directive from the
spring configuration that enables the aspect a support,
and we'll also need the logging aspect bean belonging to the com dot parasite
dot spring GOP dot example for dot logging aspect class.
By adding this being inside the AARP dot XML file,
it will be under the control of the spring container.
Let's see how this application works,
and we're getting your total functionality provided by the lower aspect
this time using our own custom annotation aspect,
J and the around annotation and the last example from this
model will show how to define an aspect that will implement
or tonal behavior for exceptions.
We still have this passenger class, the passenger thou interface,
but the passenger, the IMP class, has suffered some changes.
First,
it is annotated with service of passenger doll requiring spring
to create a bean with the name passenger Dow.
And the logic of the get passenger requires the i d.
Not Toby less than one.
If the idea is less than one,
then we throw on your own time exception with the message.
Incorrect i d the AARP dot xml file also suffered some changes.
We have added this directive Context components Camp Base package forcing
spring to look for some components in the base package.
Calm parasite springer p dot Example five.
This way,
spring will be able to discover the bean and outdated with service
passenger doll in the passenger's manager class,
we are retrieving the passenger thou bean and we're trying
to get the passenger having i d zero.
Let's run the program.
As we're expecting, we are getting around time exception with the message.
Incorrect i d the I d zero is not accepted as it is less than one.
In order to manage the exception,
we're going to introduce this exception aspect class.
We are going to annotate it with aspect and with service so that spring will
automatically create a being based on the exception aspect.
Class the class contains ah private longer field,
and this metal annotated with after throwing it will apply at the
execution of any method throwing around time exception.
Let's move back toe this AARP dot xml file and introduce
this GOP Aspect J auto proxy directive.
The AARP Aspect J Auto proxy directive from the spring
configuration enables the aspect J support.
Remember the exception aspect being is already declared
through the service and rotation.
Let's see now how the application works and we're getting your total
functionality provided by the exception aspect.
We see that the messages logged after having thrown the exception.
However, this does not prevent the exception, Toby propagated.
If we would like the program to continue,
we have toe explicitly catch the exception.
To conclude this module,
our demonstrations focused on showing code that uses the facilities of spring a.
Opie.
We showed how spring ill be aspects are implemented.
Using regular classes and XML based configuration,
we showed how to use asperity annotations to declare
regular job classes as aspects.
We effectively use the Mainspring LP a rotations to implement
or total behavior for normal execution and to implement or
total behavior for exceptions.
Now we have an overall image of the capabilities of spring.
A Opie will start to put them in practice,
using a flight management application,
bringing you two situations close to real life.
We'll do this in the next model. See you there.